In the last lecture we learn how we can dynamically said our styles with the style property here we
set and then passing in our style object.
Of course we can also change to class names.
Let's stick to the example we saw in the future section.
I'll treat a new see is us Claassen my CSA as portion here updated and I'll set the text color to white
and background color to yellow to ever really unreadable background and text color.
Now with that I want to add update it to my name.
Paragraph your.
But only if the name was changed.
Well we can again do this using javascript.
We actually already check if the name has been changed so I could add a new variable here.
Which old name.
Name.
Paragraph.
And of course you may choose a shorter name which is an empty string by default.
And now I will inside of this if blocks.
Only if the name has been changed.
I will say name.
Paragraph.
Clause equal to updated.
So to the clause I created here.
Also add a semicolon here.
By the way.
So with that I'm setting declasse And now here on the paragraph I can add class.
Now that's important not just CLOS because that would be a javascript keyword.
And keep in mind that we are writing Chalis with code here instead.
It's a class name with a capital end and I'll bind this to the variable i create up there which will
hold my class name and dead ever is an empty string so no class or it is the class I want to add.
So if I now had control enter again I click Change name you see diskettes changed to that nice unreadable
style as soon as it did click.
Change name.
So then add a CSSA class.
Again I can't emphasize this enough staying in that javascript world of thinking about it.